So we’ll listen together to our first subheading,
“Spiritual Restoration—Why It Matters.”
Let’s have the reading of paragraph nine.
“Consider the historical perspective.
“Christians back in the first century
“enjoyed many spiritual blessings.
“But, Jesus and the apostles foretold
that true worship would be corrupted and lost.”
So, kids, what did you learn at the meeting tonight?
No sleeping at the meeting.
And no playing at the meeting.
Good!
Why should we pay attention at the meetings?
Imagine if Noah didn’t pay attention
when Jehovah explained how to build the ark.
That’s not what happened, Dad!
You’re right!
He paid attention, and it saved his life.
Paying attention at the meetings
can help save your life!
At Genesis 6:22 we read:
“And Noah did according
to all that God had commanded him.
He did just so.”